IMPORTANT, PLEASE READ CAREFULLY. THIS IS A LICENSE AGREEMENT.

Zebble is protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. 
Zebble is licensed, not sold.

End User License Agreement
-----------------------------
This End User License Agreement (“EULA”) is a legal agreement between you
(either an individual or a single entity) and Mobile App Technologies Ltd with regard to the copyrighted
software, Zebble, herein referred to as “SOFTWARE PRODUCT” or “SOFTWARE”
provided with this EULA. 

The SOFTWARE PRODUCT includes, without limitation,
computer software, the associated media, any printed materials, and any “online” or
electronic documentation. Downloading, installing, copying or otherwise using any
SOFTWARE and related documentation provided to you by Mobile App Technologies Ltd in whatever
form or media, will confirm you have read and understood and agreed to be bound by
these terms, unless separate terms are provided by Mobile App Technologies Ltd, in which case certain
additional or different terms may apply. 

If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA, do not download, install,
copy or use the SOFTWARE. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA,
Mobile App Technologies Ltd is unwilling to license the SOFTWARE PRODUCT to you.

1. Eligible Licensees. The SOFTWARE is available to license solely to SOFTWARE
users, with no right of duplication or further distribution, licensing or sub-licensing.
IF YOU DO NOT OWN OR HAVE A LICENCE TO USE THE SOFTWARE, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

2. License Grant. Subject to the terms of this EULA, Mobile App Technologies Ltd grants you a
personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right to use the copy of the
SOFTWARE. You agree you will not copy the SOFTWARE except as necessary to
install and use it on a single computer. This license of SOFTWARE may not be
shared or used concurrently on separate computers. You agree that you may not copy
the written materials accompanying the SOFTWARE. Modifying, translating, renting,
copying, transferring or assigning all or part of the SOFTWARE, or any rights or
license granted hereunder, to any other persons and removing any proprietary notices,
labels or marks from the SOFTWARE is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, you hereby
agree not to create derivative works based on the SOFTWARE. You may not transfer
the SOFTWARE.

3. Copyright. The SOFTWARE is licensed, not sold. You acknowledge that no title to
the intellectual property in the SOFTWARE is transferred to you. You further
acknowledge that title and full ownership rights to the SOFTWARE will remain the
exclusive property of Mobile App Technologies Ltd and/or its suppliers, and you will not acquire any
rights to the SOFTWARE, except as expressly provided under the license and in this
EULA. All copies of the SOFTWARE will contain the same proprietary notices as
contained in or on the SOFTWARE. All title and copyright in and to the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT (including but not limited to any logos, images, photographs, animations,
video, audio, music, text and “applets,” incorporated into the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT, 
are owned by Mobile App Technologies Ltd or its suppliers. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT
is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. You may not copy
the printed materials accompanying the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

4. Reverse Engineering. You agree that you will not attempt, and if you are a
corporation, you will use your best efforts to prevent your employees and contractors
from attempting to reverse compile, modify, translate, separate or disassemble the
SOFTWARE in whole or in part.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty. The SOFTWARE is provided “AS IS” without warranty
of any kind. Mobile App Technologies Ltd, its officers, employees and its suppliers disclaim and make
no express or implied warranties and specifically disclaim the warranties of accuracy,
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of third-party
rights. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the SOFTWARE is with
you. Neither Mobile App Technologies Ltd nor its officers, employees or suppliers warrant that the
functions contained in the SOFTWARE will meet your requirements or that the
operation of the SOFTWARE will be uninterrupted or error-free. Mobile App Technologies Ltd is not
obligated to provide any updates or fixes to the SOFTWARE.

6. Fees. Mobile App Technologies Ltd may charge fees for the grant of the license and use of the
SOFTWARE as it determines in its sole discretion. You agree to pay any fees owing
under this EULA as notified to you by Mobile App Technologies Ltd from time to time.

7. Rental. You may not loan, rent, or lease the SOFTWARE.

8. Upgrades. If the SOFTWARE is an upgrade from an earlier release or previously
released version, you may use that upgraded product only in accordance with this
EULA. If the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is an upgrade of a software program which
you licensed as a single product, the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may be used only as
part of that single product package and may not be separated for use on more than one
computer.

9. Product Support. Product support for the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is provided by
Mobile App Technologies Ltd. For product support, please contact Mobile App Technologies Ltd. Should you have any
questions concerning this, please contact us at the address provided in the
documentation or http://www.Mobile App Technologies.ltd.uk.

10. Audit. Mobile App Technologies Ltd may, at any time, conduct an audit of your use of the
SOFTWARE to assess compliance with the license and this EULA. You agree to
grant Mobile App Technologies Ltd all access necessary and provide Mobile App Technologies Ltd with all information
requested by Mobile App Technologies Ltd for the purposes of conducting an audit.

11. No Liability for Consequential Damages. In no event shall Mobile App Technologies Ltd, its
officers, employees or suppliers be liable for any loss or damages whatsoever
(including, without limitation, incidental, direct, indirect, special and consequential
damages, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business
information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use or inability to use the
SOFTWARE, even if Mobile App Technologies Ltd has been advised of the possibility of such loss or
damages. 


12. Indemnification By You. If you use, copy or distribute the SOFTWARE in
violation of this Agreement, you agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend
Mobile App Technologies Ltd, its officers, employees and suppliers from and against any claims or
lawsuits, including attorney's fees that arise or result from the use, copying or
distribution of the SOFTWARE in violation of this Agreement.

13. Term. The license will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any of
the terms and conditions contained in this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all
copies of the SOFTWARE and all of its component parts.

14. Governing law. The license and this EULA shall be deemed to have been made in,
and you shall submit to the jurisdiction of the laws of, New Zealand.

15. Miscellaneous. If any provision of this EULA is held invalid, unenforceable or
illegal for any reason, this EULA shall remain otherwise in full force apart from such
provision which shall be deemed deleted. No right under this EULA shall be deemed
to be waived except in writing signed by an authorised officer of Mobile App Technologies Ltd. 

This EULA and license is the final, complete and exclusive agreement between you and
Mobile App Technologies Ltd, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings and
agreements relating to such subject matter, whether oral or written. This EULA may
only be modified in writing signed by an authorised officer of Mobile App Technologies Ltd.

Mobile App Technologies Ltd
66a London Road
Morden
SM4 5BE
United Kingdom